hi everyone cm he was fast
and we end up today for the
fourth episode of restrained youtuber the
second in the form of match wages so
there today in africa
face razak fucks at youtube hours of
14 thousand subscribers so firstly I
wanted to thank him for accepting this
challenge and this little game and I was holding
also wish him good luck
because well I know that guys it's
it's tobacco what a tobacco spoon
what appearance is stronger than the
aris hop that I know what
I was told we will see
I hope not because it's already enough
loudly proclaims his note a spoon of tobacco
what in case of goal conceded for
everyone does not hide that jean who would
a goal I will take a spoon of tapas
that hoping not to cash
a lot of purpose because I resume my
small Dutch team the same not
twenty thousand credit to face his
team apart from me a beautiful vp l on
will see well so I tell you to everything from
continued for the presentation of his team
so here are the gloves come together for
the presentation of his team 81st
general who
powerful for choosing a team
powerful at the defensive or offensive level
very good guard
we find ourselves for the best
moments of the match I tell you to everything from
after
no but no but not in the 2nd
fucking minute i did nothing i got the
time to get treatment
it's disgusting
or the same should be reconcentrer
oh lola it was hot me guys need
quickly resume the ascendancy you
quickly get back on track because this
match for now it's a joke at
level of my game at my game level
it's true a joke I really do
whatever
I cumulate the wrong choices in fact I
cumulates bad choices bad ones
pass the bad dribbles I do not know
maybe the stress of taking me a
still spoon of tabasco but there I
nothing to lose
he has me already a hard month but
trinh no but no what are you doing
fucking straws straws
go well there is fault to the east no
damn but at the same time why he
puts court in the buses to the epic
damn oh no I deserve it
to equalize to the remains no no no no
but no but there but I deserve
widely ganis fucking match saw
his penalty
bennati dugas fucking back to the bottom that
I 'm going m
at their entrance to spend their
training are actually kept from
the stop I fall of course there is a penalty
It is deserved
it's deserved on my fucking it's going fast
listen is well deserved since the
second half there we completely
changed face
we completely changed the face of
the team we are transformed into is a thousand
times better
look at that 12 shots 5 frame his
kadri shots for him I made a
post a sick stop bar from
courteous
my goalkeeper makes a stop so I
I'm sorry it's well deserved but
damn we could win this match but
yes but yes it's well deserved
but yes guys but yes beautiful
wait i'm going you have something
the dispatch it is not a center to the
base a strike
I wash or base a shot but good
I scored yes guys it's won
it's won and yes it's deserved we go
look at the numbers
I propose to look at the numbers
of match 1 we will look at the numbers
there to germinate the wi fi to be able to speak to
razac on skype
Frankly it was a big game but
frankly it was well deserved I
deserve my first half victory
he ate me it was me who did not arrive
to develop my game in the second half
time I said I must let go
I stop stressing I have to play
my game I play them and I completely
dominated the second period so the
victory is deserved
I hope you enjoyed this video
and as usual I wanted to say we lose
not with the slippers I will keep them
until my defeat
I will keep them until my defeat you
say on guys